# boilerPlate
About the Project
I initially started this resume file with a physical resume that looked different. I figured that the aesthetics of a sheet of paper would not play out the same as looking at the same information on a screen, so I adapted my layout to suit the parameters of a digital space. My first step was gathering my content, from past resumes, as well as looking back to previous projects earlier in my education. Once all my content was in there, including skills, education, and my experience in the workplace and design, I began to consider my layout. I wanted to construct a website that had an understandable layout, that had a sleek and readable sensibilities, as well as showcasing some personality through arrangement and color. 

I took advantage of the colors that VSCode provides, and placed heavy emphasis on neutral tones, specifically grays for the content, and a light sea green for the header to make everything feel cohesive under one main subject. Through this action, I was able to establish a visual system through color. I also went on to establish my hierarchy, which at this point I feel is readable and understandable. From that point, I tinkered with padding and margins, as well as further consodering the grid layout to really achieve what I wanted the resume to look like. What I ended up with is a step in the direction that I would like it to appear as. I will certainly keep adding content and revising my visual system as I grow in life and continue to add to my portfolio of work. 
